clone stacks (#1777)
nextcloud/deck: docs/API.md

##### 200 Success

### POST /boards/{boardId}/stacks/{stackId}/clone - Clone a stack

#### Request parameters

| Parameter | Type    | Description                              |
| --------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| boardId   | Integer | The id of the board the stack belongs to |
| stackId   | Integer | The id of the stack                      |

#### Response

> ##### 200 Success

Reviewer: Let's also describe the response here a bit that it will return an object of the new stack containing the new cards as well.

Ideally please add some example JSON of the response.

##### 200 Success

### POST /boards/{boardId}/stacks/{stackId}/clone - Clone a stack

#### Request parameters

| Parameter | Type    | Description                              |
| --------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------- |

> | boardId   | Integer | The id of the board the stack belongs to |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| boardId   | Integer | The id of the board where the stack should be cloned to |
```

| stackId   | Integer | The id of the stack                      |

#### Response
It will return an object of the new stack containing the new cards as well.

```json

>   {"title":"l1 (copy)",

Reviewer: Please pass this into https://jsonformatter.curiousconcept.com/
